Thank you for your help.
This bag smells like feet.
We need to hurry. The guard
could be back at any second.
Listen, I know you said that
you wanted me to see Nadia,
and I know that I said I would
be mature about this entire thing.
But I just, I don't really feel like
it's all that necessary anymore. So--
Look, if somebody that
I slept with and care about
told me that they had
a girlfriend in a coma,
trapped inside a top secret facility
run by a society of
uber-humanoids called the Fae,
I'd think it was a blow off.
I really need you to meet her.
Okay.
Wow! She's so pretty.
Even like this.
Can't imagine what she must look like
when she's up and walking around.
She has the most beautiful smile.
You know, ever since we got a lead,
all I can think about
is finding a cure for her.
Well, I guess the only thing left to do
is figure out what this nail means.
The Morrigan never said anything else?
How the nail could save her?
No. And I kind of get the feeling
that even if she did know something,
she'd take too much pleasure
in torturing me to ever tell me.
Thank you for letting me see Nadia.
We'll figure this out, I promise.
[GROUNDSKEEPER]
P Farewell and adieu P
P Fair Spanish ladies... P
Hey!
What the hell do you
think you're doing?
Life is hard when you
don't know who you are.
It's harder when you
don't know what you are.
My love carries a death sentence.
l was lost for years,
searching, while hiding,
only to find that I belong to
a world hidden from humans.
I won't hide anymore.
I will live the life I choose.
Wait. Your husband was kidnapped?
Christoph died less than a week ago.
Donovan went to the
cemetery this morning and
the grave was dug up
and his body was gone.
They desecrated his grave, his memory.
What kind of a sick animal
could do such a thing?
Did you or Christoph have any
issues with anyone, any enemies?
Everyone loved Christoph.
Donnie's my oldest friend,
so I need you two to help me.
Please find out what happened.
Of course. Anything. You know that.
Yeah, I just have to get out of a
security detail. It's not a biggie.
This is him.
Do you have any idea what he was
wearing when he was uh... taken?
Leotards, tights, slippers.
Excuse me?
Christoph was one of the
finest dancers in the world.
He was buried the way he lived.
I never got a chance to say sorry.
He just wanted me to be present,
not work, but I yelled.
I made him drive to
the theatre by himself.
It took them three hours to
get his body out of the wreck.
My partner was knocked out cold.
The sky started to fill
up with dark clouds,
there was a storm brewing.
A storm of thunder,
lightning, and Hale.
But then, the Behemoth
let out a mighty howl.
He was ready to rock, so I looked
that fool dead in the eye.
He only had one eye.
And I sang him asleep
until he was sucking his thumb
like a little kitten about to wet the bed.
Yeah. I mean, what can I say, ladies?
I got a job to do, so I do it.
Hale?
Hey. What's up, man?
l was just telling my friends here
how we took down that
Behemoth that time.
Oh, yeah, that was back in the day.
We were lucky to have this
sexy, singing superstar along.
Hey, did I tell you about the
new security detail | just pulled?
What? What detail?
The Glaive.
The Glaive! My man, Dyson.
Protecting the Attorney
General for all Fae-kind.
The only problem is I can't do it.
Trick needs me to do something else.
So, I need to find someone smart,
tough, competent, sexy wouldn't hurt.
Hey, ladies, you know anybody
by that description? Huh?
Whoa. Do you know
anyone with that description?
I don't know, man.
It's a big commitment, twelve hours.
I'm your man.
Who else you going
to trust with the Glaive?
I don't know.
People say Sirens are sexy ladies
sitting sidesaddle on the rocks
singing folks to their death.
But uh, he knows I'm
as tough as they come.
Yeah. Right?
You know, I don't know.
I mean, looks like you
got your hands full here.
I don't want to take
that away from you.
--I think I should find some--
--Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Come on, man. Why you playin'?
--You want this?
--Yes!
--All right, you got it.
--All right!
Okay. Oh, and here she is.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I thought the Glaive was older.
What is she, the Fae Doogie
Howser or something?
Well, the detail's not
for the Glaive per se,
it's for her daughter and...
...she comes with instructions.
I bet.
--Dyson.
--Tori.
Good luck.
No booze, no boys,
no rap music, no coffee.
Got it.
Are you as boring as Dyson?
Excuse me?
[BO] Imagine coming to lay flowers
and the man you love is gone.
| smell something.
Here.
I'm no gravedigger, but aren't
they supposed to go in the ground?
It's a hunting kill.
Shot to the head, throat's been slit to
drain the blood before the heart stops
so the meat doesn't spoil.
Never take me hunting.
Strange though. They've only taken
the sweetbreads, the delicacies.
So, we're looking for a
flesh-eating Fae foodie?
Or his butcher. Cheenoo.
Who's Cheenoo?
Not a who, a what.
It's a type of Fae that
only eats human flesh.
And you wonder why I never
aligned myself with a clan.
Can't wait to meet this guy.
And the Behemoth lets out a
mighty howl and he starts running.
He's ready to get down.
Oh my god.
l was timing that entire dumb story
to see how long it would take you
to realize that I actually didn't
care what you were talking about.
But now, even that's boring.
Hey.
Is there anything in the Fae world
that can get that new
doggie smell out of tights?
Brings you down, little mama?
Oh, I was helping my cuz with
his pit bulls at the doggie dentist.
Oh, dude, there is not enough suction
in that little tube for dog slobber.
And now I'm thinking,
"Why not hook up with my bestie,
succubus our way into the spa so
mama can get herself a little rinse."
Who's this?
Big security detail I'm doing.
Very high profile client.
He's babysitting for my mom.
And he won't let me do
anything fun at all. It sucks.
Hale, does the trust fund
Faeby speak the truth?
l have very specific orders that
l have to follow to the letter.
I'm not allowed to do anything.
You see this?
|'m telepathic, so I don't
need a cell phone.
But my stupid mom makes me
wear a stupid tracking bracelet
so she can track my
whereabouts all the time.
That is a raw deal.
Yeah, and when my stuff was
getting messed up like that,
I hit the road and I ain't
never looked back.
Oh, easy, Kenz.
What kind of Fae are you,
Light or Dark?
I'm not Fae. l'm human.
And you just come and go
as you please?
I guess, technically,
my B.F.F., Bo, claimed me.
But yeah, I call my own shots, sista.
That is so cool.
I've never met a claimed human
that's just allowed to run free.
I'm so jealous.
Hey, hey, look, look,
I'm not saying that some of
these rules aren't ridiculous
and I'm not saying they're fair, Tori.
But this is important.
How important is it to ruin a young
woman's chance at freedom?
The Glaive's instructions were clear.
Tori is not to drink
or have fun of any kind.
I got a list.
Hale, bubby, come on, I got this.
I got this and l have your best
interests at heart, trust me.
I understand the
lady-in-captivity dealio.
We're just going to have some fun.
Tori's going to have a lovely time
and Detective Hale is going
to come out looking like a hero.
Please, Mr. Hale, sir.
Please, please, please,
please, please, please.
Okay.
A little fun.
But Kenzi, you have to be smart
about this. And responsible.
Dude, those two words are,
like, both my middle names.
And I'm not even drinking
this month, I'm on a cleanse.
I am so your fairy godmother.
My goodness.
You almost scared the life out of me.
Christoph, relax.
You're in such exalted company.
The finest lady marksman
in the Old West.
A five star general.
Genius of the Italian kitchen.
I want to see my husband.
Don't be scared, dear boy.
I am a huge fan of yours.
And soon, I am sure,
you'll be a big fan of mine.
Isn't that right, everyone?
[chanting]
The fates have smiled upon me
and now, you will dance again.
[DYSON] How are you doing, Gary?
You been down to the cemetery lately?
You got a lot of nerve
coming here, Wolfboy.
You so much as lay a finger on me
and I'll eat it right off
your Light Fae hand.
Hey, man, I'm just here
to borrow some sugar.
This is Bo's deal.
Do you know Bo? She's unaligned,
which means she's got the right
to do whatever she wants to you.
Oh, and she's got a
pretty wicked temper.
We used to date.
What happened to your
finger there, Gary?
You're not so good
with the meat cleaver?
Oh, you know what they say,
sometimes a flesh-eater's
just too tired to get out of bed,
go to the fridge, know what I mean?
Gary, what do you know
about a groundskeeper?
I run a respectable and legal
organic human meat butcher shop.
Are you having an office party?
Is your Dark Fae son coming of age?
Looking for something special and
easy to eat for your buffet table?
Well, look no further
than Gary's Meats.
We've got chops, liver,
ribs, eyeballs, loins--
The groundskeeper
was murdered, Gary.
He had a family.
Humans are chosen by farmers.
Now these farmers watch and
monitor these humans their whole life,
living habits, eating habits, et cetera.
See, a vegan who works out three
times a week--ooh, top shelf, baby.
But a smoker who sits at a desk
all day, "get yer red hots here."
I butcher what's brought to me and
keep a portion of every body for myself.
Are you sure you don't know
anything about this groundskeeper?
Anything at all?
I would be very grateful.
Maybe we could feed some
of those other appetites.
Oh, baby. I want to eat you up.
I want to bite your little cheeks off and
fry 'em up in a little butter and cream!
Come here.
You listen to me, Gary.
If you don't talk,
my friend Dyson here,
he's going to pin this
murder on you anyway.
And as a condition of
your life in a human prison,
he's going to make sure you
get four square meals a day...
...all vegetarian.
Oh, that groundskeeper.
I butchered him.
I butchered him for a Lich.
Wow, Gary, you really should
charge more for what you do.
L-i-c-h. Lich.
Are you sure?
You know this Lich?
It's an ancient Egyptian
Fae royal family.
They found a way to cheat death,
keep themselves alive to feed their
insatiable hunger for knowledge.
The Lich eats flesh to feed his body.
But he lives to feed his mind.
He's bad news, Bo.
--Address!
--You don't expect me
to give you anything on the Lich.
Be like signing a death warrant.
Tofu, Gary.
Tofu four times a day.
You guys didn't get this
address from me, okay?
And I'm also sort of e-mail
dating this guy named Zak.
He's really cute and
has really big arms.
But that's okay because he's tentative.
Uh huh.
Okay, little ladies,
I think it's time to
turn the music down.
--Oh...
--Yeah, the people would like
the usual easy listening
time at the Dal, you know.
Yeah. Well, I guess everybody else
should have a really important mom.
I'm the Glaive's daughter, bitches.
You can't talk to the people like that.
Have you called my
mother yet to check in?
Was I supposed to?
Duh! You're my babysitter.
If you don't check in every three
hours, my mom craps her panties.
Uh oh.
You know, I'm going to
make the call, all right?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, Kenzi, Kenzi,
that's her last drink.
You got it, boss.
[LICH] Embrace the pain, Christoph.
Every time you leap, I can
feel your quads burning.
That is not fatigue, it is your
artistry begging to be broken,
to be compromised,
but you mustn't let it!
Take five and towel off!
I'm sorry, this is a closed rehearsal.
We're here on behalf of the
owner of the local waystation.
I am sure it was just an oversight,
but you and your party failed
to sign in when you came to town.
Ah. What an absolute ninny I've been.
I'm so sorry for the...
what was it you called it?
Oversight.
Yes. How well put. Oversight.
Please give my regrets to
Mr. Fitzpatrick MacCorieghan,
but I'm leaving in the morning so
I hardly think it will be necessary now.
My goodness, you are gorgeous.
Though, you, my dear, are divine.
Yes, ma'am, yes.
while you were working.
Yeah, I can assure you, your daughter--
she is having the time of her...
Ma'am, she is so bored
out of her trees, ma'am.
Yes, as per your instructions...
Yes.
Man.
This is one of those moments
where I wish working homicide
meant you got to do the killing.
I didn't realize times
were so hard in this city
that a Light Fae police detective
and an undeclared succubus
had to stoop to delivering
messages for a retired king.
I've always wanted
to meet a succubus.
I once travelled through the southern
interior of Africa with the Dutch
during the Boer War.
I tried to give General
Viljoen some pointers,
I witnessed men do unspeakable
things for a few pretty white stones,
but what I searched for
was so much more.
Such hunger, such lust.
Power to kill with a kiss.
I know almost everything
there is to know,
yet I don't know what you feel.
Such uncontrollable passion,
such burning desire.
You've taken the husband
of a very good friend of ours
and we'd like him back, now!
My deary me! Who?
Christoph, the dancer.
Hmm? What's that, Christoph?
Your marriage was technically over
when you were pronounced dead.
The dancer does have a point.
Christoph, come with us now.
Pity, he seems rather
content, I should say.
Of course, I am such an
interesting person to be around.
Which is why I would like
to invite you, plus one,
to my New Acquisitions exhibit
and wine and cheese this afternoon.
Well, I can't wait.
Sorry, Light Fae being on the
premises, bit of a Fae faux pas.
Don't worry, I got a date.
Come on, Dyson,
let's go before my uncontrollable
passion makes me forget my manners.
I'll see you later.
Wait, wait, wait, he's eating Christoph?
No. He's eating humans, not Fae.
He ate the groundskeeper,
but Christoph is fine.
He's not fine!
He's up and he's alive,
which I'm having a little trouble
reconciling at the moment.
And he's being held hostage by that--
Easy, Donny!
Don't, Trick!
Don't.
I want you two to stop
talking and get Chris back.
What else can you
tell me about this Lich?
Well, he's leaving town tomorrow,
which doesn't give us a lot of time
to get Christoph back or stop
him from eating more humans.
In order to achieve immortality,
some believe that the Lich
puts his chi into a phylactery.
A container for the soul.
You destroy the container,
you destroy the Lich.
Of course, the truth is
nobody really knows
how the Lich was able to cheat death.
But it's not a bad theory.
Was there anything around his neck?
No.
--Oh, wait a second.
--What?
There was this creepy
painting of the Lich,
back when he was younger
and less fall-y apart-y.
He was wearing this amulet
around his neck like a beetle.
I don't know, something about the way it
stood out in the painting, it seemed--
--|mportant?
--[BO] Yeah.
Picture of Dorian Gray maybe?
The Lich's life essence is
contained in the painting itself.
Destroy the picture and
we'll know soon enough.
Well, that's exactly what I plan
to do at his little show-and-tell.
Those under the Lich's power,
their souls can't pass over.
They live a tortured existence.
We have to bring Christoph back.
And if there's any way,
bring him back alive,
for however long that might be.
I know Donovan would love the
opportunity to say a proper good-bye.
I will bring him back alive.
And make sure you
bring yourself back alive.
These Lichs are notoriously ruthless.
Don't worry, I got back up.
Look, look, I am only going
to say this one more time--
I need a very hush-hush
A.P.B. put out on two young girls.
One, a twenty-one-year-old blond
wearing a pink sleeveless
top and a bad attitude.
Two, a blue-eyed pain in the...
She goes by Kenzi.
Don't use the names, okay?
I can't have certain people finding out.
Hey, my partner.
Yeah, epitome of handsome.
What's going on?
There's a Lich in town.
Stole one of Trick's friends from the
grave and it's stressing everyone out.
Is Trick okay?
Yeah, you know,
he's stronger than he looks.
How's things with Tori going?
Yeah, she's okay. Awesome.
A special little girl. Makes me
want to have kids of my own.
So, so precious.
--You lost her, didn't you?
--Man, she just vanished.
Did she pull the old
"You're supposed to
phone my mother" gag?
How'd you know?
She did the same thing to me
the first time I looked after her.
Which is why
I got a receiver for
her tracking bracelet
the last time the Glaive was in town.
My man. My man.
Yes!
So, thanks for getting Dyson to
sneak me out of the compound.
We both know I could
use the fresh air, but um...
...you want to tell me
what's really going on?
Well, in addition to
wanting you as my backup,
I thought you should
talk to this Lich fellow.
He's been everywhere, met everyone
and learned everything.
And I thought he could tell us
what the deal is with this little guy.
And we can get Nadia back to you.
There. All pretty.
You know, things have really been
bleak for me this past few years.
And I don't know what I would
do without... your friendship.
Are you sure you're okay
with this, helping me with Nadia?
Blot.
Ah, mademoiselle, I'm so
thrilled you could make it.
Enchanté.
I have prepared the most
wonderful show for you.
What is this show for, exactly?
I have these little salons
for myself all the time.
It's not enough to merely
feed oneself physically.
One must always nurture the intellect.
Feed the mind and soul, as it were.
You see, in raising my dolls
back from the dead,
I get to experience
their very specific talents.
I've been world-class athletes,
blood-thirsty generals,
brilliant physicists.
A long life is only worthwhile if
one can fill it with the extraordinary.
Let my festivities begin!
I was so right about this boy.
[door shutting]
What are you girls doing?
Oh, okay.
--Hey!
--Can someone explain to me
why you left the Dal
without telling me?
We totally forgot.
We're actually getting
warmed up to go clubbing.
I totally heard that.
I didn't say anything.
I'm telepathic, you idiot.
Oh, gosh, I think that tequila
I drank wants to get out and party.
--You gave her tequila?
--I tried to hide the booze,
but you heard her, she's a telepath.
Get it off. Get it off me.
Okay, Linda Blair. Okay.
Let's get you horizontal. Sit down.
--It ain't right.
--Right here. Okay.
--Ain't no dignity in getting puked on.
--Okay.
It'sjust...
Get it off me.
Why do I have to touch it?
Okay. Okay.
Okay. All right.
Can I help you?
Oh, I was just...
...sizing you up to see if I had
anything that might fit you.
--Uh huh.
--O bviously.
Just get Tori sobered up
'cause if you don't,
the Glaive is going to make
garters out of my tender bits.
And I need my tender bits.
Makes me cry every time
I hear this piece.
The artistry lies in the fact that even
though the composer was German,
I gave him the gift of inspiration
from my own various travels through...
...everywhere.
You know, I spent a few months
in the Congo with a medical group.
Congo, dreadful place.
Well, it wasn't exactly a vacation.
I was there treating
patients of an epidemic.
It was killing a Fae tribe.
You're the human doctor
who found the cure.
Your Ash was very wise
to snatch you up.
Lucky dog.
While I was there, my girlfriend,
Nadia, fell into a coma.
I haven't been able to get
anywhere with a diagnosis.
The epidemic cure didn't work on her.
But the Morrigan gave me this.
Said it was a clue to Nadia's illness.
Coma, indeed.
Do you know something?
I'm watching the show.
Out of the way, Trick!
Can't do that, Donny.
I don't want to hurt you,
but I will if that's what it
takes to get Christoph back.
Give me the dagger!
Donny.
He was dead, Trick.
I witnessed him dying.
And now to know that
that demon has him.
How can you expect
me to just sit here?
You of all people understand, I know
what it's like to lose a loved one.
When my wife was taken
from me, I felt powerless, too.
But running into a situation
like this blindly and hot-headed
will only make things worse.
You know of what I speak.
You know howl ended up here.
Be patient, friend. Bo is special.
If anyone can get
Christoph back, it's her.
You know, I feel like
we've really bonded.
I have learned so much amazing stuff
about you and, of course, from you.
Isn't there some kind of
agreement we could come to?
Find it in your big,
several-thousand-year-old heart
to hand Christoph over to me?
Okay.
--Really?
--No.
Well, then I guess we'll
just have to do this my way.
This is your last chance, pal.
I tried to be nice,
but you just won't listen.
So, I'm going to free everyone
and destroy you in one fell swoop.
Unless you release Christoph now.
Surely, you are bluffing.
Do you have any idea how many
of the world's secrets I keep in here?
Even you aren't that stupid.
I gave you a chance.
The Lich knows what
his entourage is thinking.
He feels what they feel.
Trick said that the Lich
puts his chi in a vessel.
Or maybe it's not a vessel,
it's vessels. The entourage.
I'll just suck the chi from
all of them individually.
Easy peasy.
Great.
Leave it to me to bring
a knife to a gun fight.
Take it easy.
Ladies and gentlemen
of my entourage,
the show I have been waiting for
my entire long existence is upon us.
I have fed my need
for intellectual pursuit.
I have felt the transcendence
of musical performance.
But I still long for something deeper.
Finally, that moment has arrived.
I will witness a succubus feed!
Feed! Feed! Feed! Feed!
This is far too good a
performance for a matinee.
I know I said we should
spend more time together,
but this is not what I had in mind.
I am sorry for acting like a turd-head.
You know, throwing up and stuff.
That's okay, sweetie pie.
It's all over now.
Oh, no, is this coffee?
Coffee!
What is the big deal?
Oh, crap.
You will feed off this human.
No. I won't.
Bo, just feed off me a little bit.
Give him what he wants.
No. That will not be good enough.
The one thing that has always
eluded me is true, unbridled passion!
I want to see it in action!
You will suck all the life
out of this human.
I have left enough
innocent bodies in my wake.
I would rather die
than live like that again.
Fine.
I killed the Glaive's daughter.
I killed... the Glaive's daughter.
Dyson trusted me. He depended on me.
This poor girl.
Who doesn't drink coffee?
I mean, it's just coffee.
You have it with breakfast
or when you're sitting in a café
pretending to write a novel.
It's not a drink, it's a hug.
She was in my care.
I'm going to be Fae food.
Oh my god, they're going to
lock me up with a crazy beast
and watch as he eats me for
breakfast, maybe with a coffee.
What'd you hit me for?
Why didn't you tell me
she couldn't drink coffee?
What?!
You were the one that was all like,
"Oh, please, let Tori have a fun night.
She needs to be free."
Because she did.
She wasn't living in a castle being
guarded by an evil dragon, Kenzi.
Her mom is just a jerk.
I had a job to do!
I know. I know.
No, no, no, no, no, Kenz.
Kenzi. Don't do that, girl.
I just--| thought she
could use a night of fun.
You know, I didn't know she was this
psycho chick that could break so easily.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
We'll figure this out, all right?
It's okay, little mama.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be so mean.
I'm sorry I ruined your whole life.
Hey, don't exaggerate. It's going
to be all right. It'll be fine.
--Really?
--Yeah.
What are you going to do?
Move.
If you don't feed, I will kill you
and then bring you back
and feel for myself
when we both go on a blind,
lust-filled, murderous rampage.
Bo. I can't stop the bleeding.
Just feed off of me, please.
--You can't use me.
--I beg your pardon.
That's why you didn't
just kill me right away
and experience me like everyone else.
--You can't.
--What is this nonsense?
My chi is my life force.
If you kill me, then it's gone forever.
If you raised me, then you
can't experience my power.
You can only watch me do it.
Put the doctor on the table.
--[BO] No.
--The succubus' petulance
has made me hungry.
No. No. No. Oh.
This is your last chance.
Surely, your lover's death would be
better by your hand than by my blade.
Have it your own way, you stupid girl.
No. No. No.
I could be more powerful
than all other Fae.
Everyone would kneel at my feet.
There would be no more
Dark and no more Light.
There would be only me.
Oh, what happened? What happened?
I don't know what happened.
But you managed to...
You sucked the chi out
of all of them, all at once.
What? No. No!
Oh, Christoph.
No. Let me go, please.
You can't know the torture it's been.
Now I can rest.
[KENZI] How about Buenos Aires?
No. I got a cousin in BA. used to
drive me nuts when I was a kid.
Only Siren I knew that was tone deaf.
Make your ears bleed.
I almost rather meet the wrath
of the Glaive than see his face again.
Egypt! I like pyramids.
Do you like pyramids?
Egypt. Hold on a second.
I think Dyson said
there was a Lich in town.
What's a Lich?
Our only hope, princess.
The nail the Morrigan
gave us-- what does it mean?
Lauren's girlfriend isn't sick.
She's been cursed.
That nail is an African
shaman's cursing nail.
Somewhere, there is a piece
of wood with Nadia's nail in it.
Remove it and she
will most likely wake up.
Please let me eat.
Sorry, pal, life is off the menu.
No more humans for you.
I've experienced things
you people wouldn't believe.
I felt the carnage as the Inquisition
marched through Spain.
I felt the heat from the flames
as Rome was burnt to the ground.
I felt...
I felt--
Come on.
[TRICK] So, what are you going
to do before Christoph fades?
We're going to our cottage on the lake.
Just me and him and our
favourite place on Earth.
I wish you had more time with him.
Three days isn't a lot.
And, again, that's only a guess.
He could die as early
as tonight, Donny.
When Christoph was dying,
I begged for five more minutes.
This time, any time's a blessing.
Thank you for a proper
chance to say good-bye.
You're welcome, my friend.
Okay, where's the Lich?
He's dead.
--Dead?
--What?
What do you... Oh, man!
I needed that Lich to raise this girl
I was babysitting from the dead.
They're going to send
me to the catacombs.
You know what they do
to Sirens in prison?
Hale! What did you do?
Um, okay, look...
"Buddy?
--Okay, hold on.
'Cause I'm allergic to coffee.
It makes me pass out.
Oh my god, but you had
no frickin' pulse.
Duh! 'Cause when I go
into allergic shock,
someone has to help
my second heart kick in.
--Second heart?
--Duh!
Oh, thank you. Thank you.
Second heart?
--Uh hmm.
--You got a second heart.
She had a second heart!
Look, Tori, I know we've
kind of had our differences,
but if there's any way that you could
not tell your mom about the vomit,
the booze and the coffee
and the rap music,
I'd be eternally grateful.
If my mum found out about any of this,
I'd be grounded for half a century.
I really like you, Kenzi.
You're a very spirited human.
Thank you.
How much, Detective?
--Excuse me?
--How much for the human?
I'll take fifty bucks and
a promise that I never see
--Fifty bucks?
--her scrawny, meddling ass again.
It's a deal.
Actually, this spirited human has
a special place in my heart, too.
So, I will have to respectfully decline.
Okay. Fine.
Anyways, thanks for a great night.
I actually had fun.
Thank you, Hale.
Thank you for not selling me
to a psycho Fae socialite.
Silence, human.
Ow.
You really need to figure out
a better way to get me in here.
You know, I've spent
years looking for a cure
to a disease she doesn't even have.
Who would curse Nadia?
I mean, why would anybody...
Maybe think of this as a blessing.
I mean, we're one step closer
to getting Nadia back to you.
That's good, right?